July 2019 news (#13710)
idaholab/moose: modules/doc/content/newsletter/2019_07.md

timed block of code, an elapsed time is also printed giving the user information about which activity is consuming
non-trivial amounts of time. No information is printed if the section of code executes quickly. Developers may
use this capability in blocks of code that are expected to take significant amounts of time. Note: This capability
should not be used in frequently called sections of code.

```
#include "TimedPrint.h"

...

{
  CONSOLE_TIMED_PRINT("Running a time-consuming algorithm");

} // Dots are printed until the closing scope is reached as time elapses
```

## Improved Build Parallelism on GNU Make 4.0+

Makefile rules have been improved so that additionally parallelism is possible when using systems with newer
GNU Make installed. Users on many flavors of Linux may notice significant reductions in build times when building
applications that use several libraries or modules in MOOSE.

## SQA Push

The MOOSE team is making a big push to get all tests documented in the moose/test folder. This activity started
in June and will continue through July. As part of this effort, we have extended/improved the syntax available

> for documenting tests. If you are working on SQA, please see the new syntax available [here](https://mooseframework.inl.gov/python/MooseDocs/generate.html).

Author: ```suggestion
for documenting tests. If you are working on SQA, please see the new syntax available in [MooseDocs/generate.md].
```

Author: @permcody This is how you should reference the content.

Reviewer: The content still hasn't been updated yet. Do you have a PR coming for that?

Author: I made a suggestion for you to look at, is it not there?
